# Who?
- 

# To Do
- [ ] 

# Thoughts? What? Tips?
- so I’m gonna try a new way of that second it’s basically dictation plus just writing into the Obsidian note. I don’t think I’m going to check if it’s accurate. I’m just gonna do it hopefully, it’ll be OK.
- so anyway, I’ve been thinking I’ve traveled around Europe a lot and I feel like there’s only a few countries that I would return to obviously, I’d love to go around the mall, but as I’m going around, I can’t help but think I don’t have enough time like if I do one country per year that’s definitely not enough time and by one country per year I mean like one month inside the country, that’s definitely not enough. it’s not enough if you wanna visit a lot of things at least I think that one month per country is a decent amount of time but I don’t know yet so you spent four days around the city so you spent another like one week just going to the nature and seeing what’s around and then another week just enjoying other titties maybe two cities or so and then you still got a shit ton to do so that’s why I think it’s not enough realistically you could probably do two or three weeks per country if you tried to rush everything but I would like to live in it. I see people doing these hustle things and they do like for the eight weeks for volunteering. I think that’s pretty cool except I’m not sure if I would volunteer but volunteering does provide a new avenue of seeing a country and friends.
- I also think that leading pub crawls and tours and stuff like Isaya and Seattle girl I met is pretty damn cool
- 

### Regrets
- 

### Accomplishments
- 
