I woke up at 6, wanted to go to Levi but it was too cold so I slept until 10 where some hikers made a fire. I woke up then. It’s kinda hard to wake up when camping in the cold because you’re so nice and warm lol. 

I packed up and left by around 11.30? Afterwards, I went to hike a little bit and went to the little spa/pool/ski rental place. The spa was 7 euros for students and it was good. I only went to the Sauna. (This was in Ounasvaara) Honestly, you can sneak into the sauna if you don’t need a locker (or trust everyone for the locker situation).

Afterwards, I went to Patrioaitta and they denied my return, not for the campfire smell but for the missing tags. Holy shit. I’m just gonna charge back this fucking thing. Goddamn. Chase CSP you better get my back goddamn.

Oh also, the 20 euro luggage storage at Rovaniemi Insider is a steal. Unlimited (virtually?) storage for only 20 euros. There’s no way to check which locker number they are. The code for the door is 22743 and it’s at the back. Here’s a link: [https://sites.google.com/view/luggage-storage/sauna](https://sites.google.com/view/luggage-storage/sauna)

I ate a buffet at Hai Long for 19E. It was great for the price. I got a reindeer burger for that much and holy shit is the buffet much better for value. But now I have to take a dump. Idk how I’m gonna do that while camping.

Our friend, cza (wait i dont know her name but that’s her insta), told us a little about a festival tomorrow so i think I’m gonna use that as an excuse to stay here for another night. 

Honestly, I’m tired as shit. After taking a shower, all the tiredness is catching up to my body. I had a great sleep too and I didnt have to carry my bag at all today. Don’t know why I feel like I need a nap lol. 

Anyway, I’m listening to Takayan right now. It’s 5.56 and I’m in osuuskauppani coffee house. I’m gonna iron out my travel route right now. Buy some flights and then go for one of my last hikes. I think I’ll go near the river this time. I gotta check the aurora and see if it’s good.